Too much.
Uh...
Favorite romance.
Arwen. Yeah.
Oh.
That's good.
But that's the one you know most?
Well, I think Faramir and Eowyn. Aragorn
and Arwen.
Um... I guess there's little. Um... maybe there was Samwise.  I think, I was thinking
Celebrian. So many!
So many.
Yeah, that's true.
Huh.
Yeah. That's true.
I think, well, I really, from this film, really,
moving away from lord of the rings but i think I like Luthien and Beren.
I know.
Uh... Silmarillion, I think...
What did they
I think they
Did we listen to their in the movie yesterday? Okay.
I think I made you listen to them.
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah. Oh, There's a lot of big creatures. Yeah.
Oh, the black dragon was so sad I didn't read enough story.
Okay, I'll read it.
Wait, you said it's a ...
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Oh.
I think like, It comes up like near the
end, and then like Sam is like he's always been
And they've like, they've like, did like each other, they've loved each other.
But then he made her wait because he went on the journey.
And then when he came back, she's like, are we gonna wait anymore?
And then they kinda... So, they didn't go into it too
much, but then they show that it's always there.
Yeah..... yeah.
Yeah.
They have so many kids.
They have so many.
Yeah...
There's like Frodo and... There's like another Frodo.
And a Pippin, and a Merry.
They made uh... there's a Goldilocks um...
Wait. Somebody
named their son Faramir though.
Pippin? I don't remember.
It's so complex.
That's true. Yeah.
yeah he made the whole thing he made the languages
Oh...
Oh, if you could learn the language...of one of
Oh yeah, Elvish, which Elvish?
Like Quenya or like like the really
old old Elvish, or the new
Elvish. Like the old, old
Elvish is like where what all the spells are written
in. And then the new word of it is what the regular people talk about.
Oh, the old one? Oh...
Oh, kind me. Like, oh there's a really older kind and a new one.
I think I would choose the newer kind.
so like... Yeah...
can talk the Elvish.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
That's true. Say something in a certain language and then you don't know what's gonna happen.
That could be...
That could be true.
Yeah. Me too. Oh, Sindarin. Yeah, yeah.
I think the old one is Quenya and the new one is Sindarin.
I don't think I'm pronouncing it. It sounds like Mandarin.
Yeah...
Yeah.
His like, his mind for language it's like fascinating.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Oh... Really?
Huh...
Oh, not bad.
Uh-huh.
Yeahhh...
Uh-huh. To, to part... make sure it's accurate.
cute, ohhhh....